Update docs to reflect vault and consul compatibility (#15826)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/ca/vault.mdx

- Vault 0.10.3 to 1.10.x.

> ~> **Compatibility note:** If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as a Consul's Connect CA, you may encounter an issue generating the leaf certificates ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Upgrade your [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid running into this problem. 

Reviewer: Optional suggestion below intended to:
- Concisely convey the versions that might be affected without needing to click through to the link
- Clarifying the likelihood of the problem ("will" vs "may")

```suggestion
~> **Compatibility note:** If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as a Consul's Connect CA, versions of Consul released before Dec 13, 2022 will develop an issue with Consul control plane or service mesh communication ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Use or upgrade to a [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid this problem.
```

> ~> **Compatibility note:** If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as a Consul's Connect CA, versions of Consul released before Dec 13, 2022 will develop an issue with Consul control plane or service mesh communication ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Use or upgrade to a [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid this problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Compatibility note:** If you use Vault 1.11.0+ as Consul's Connect CA, versions of Consul released before Dec 13, 2022 will develop an issue with Consul control plane or service mesh communication ([GH-15525](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15525)). Use or upgrade to a [Consul version that includes the fix](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491#01GMC24E6PPGXMRX8DMT4HZYTW) to avoid this problem.
```
